A 62-year-old man with sarcoidosis and heart disease was admitted to this hospital because of new-onset diplopia and weakness.
The patient was in his usual health until approximately 2 weeks before admission, when nausea, dizziness, tinnitus, and unsteady gait developed; these symptoms were associated with subjective fevers.
Five days before admission, a diagnosis of respiratory infection with inner-ear symptoms was made; the symptoms decreased transiently.
A 27-year-old woman was admitted to this hospital because of nausea, vomiting, confusion, and hyponatremia.
The patient had been well until 1 week before admission, when she had nausea and nonbloody, nonbilious emesis.
She did not seek medical care, and her symptoms resolved after several hours. 
Two days before admission, she had nausea and several episodes of nonbloody, nonbilious emesis in the evening, after she had eaten seafood.
A 20-year-old man was seen in an outpatient clinic of this hospital because of pain and swelling of the left calf and a purpuric rash.
The patient had been well until 3 weeks before presentation to this hospital, when sore throat, nonproductive cough, rhinorrhea, and chills developed.
He noted areas of crusting and occasional bleeding in both nares (Figure 1). His brother had reportedly received a recent diagnosis of streptococcal pharyngitis.
A 21-year-old woman was admitted to this hospital during the winter because of fever, headache, and myalgias.
The patient had been well until 4 days before this admission, when fever, chills, fatigue, malaise, retro-orbital headache, and photophobia developed.
On presentation to a clinic affiliated with the university where she was a student, she reported that, 6 days earlier, she had returned from a trip to Indonesia.
A blood-smear examination for malaria was negative, and the patient was advised to take acetaminophen and ibuprofen.
Over the next 2 days, her symptoms worsened, and abdominal pain in the left lower quadrant and arthralgias affecting the knees developed.